[MUSIC]
Hello, I'm Max [UNKNOWN] program.tv, and
in this video, I'll be showing you
how to set up Eclipse with Python, and how
to setup you're working environment.
So the first thing that we need to do is
actually grab Python.
I'm going to be setting this up for a Mac.
However, the setup for Windows is quite
similar.
So you should be okay following these,
this video for
setting it up for Windows and for Linux as
well.
Okay, so first thing we need to do, is get
to python.org slash download.
And you'll see a page similar to this,
one saying alternative implementations and
one saying download Python.
We want to visit the download Python
section.
And when we're there, you'll see the first
line
says that there's two versions, Python 2.7
and Python 3.2.
You'll also notice on the left-hand side
there's
a beta schedule and beta 3.3 is arriving
soon.
If this, if beta 3.3 is available while
you're watching this video, don't bother
getting it.
It is not going to be the same as Python
3.2, and so some of the things are
going to be different which I teach you
might
not be written in the same way in Python
3.3.
So if we stick with Python 3.2, which is
better
than Python 2.7 cuz it's newer and more
secure and
also faster for processing then we'll all
be on the
same page and you'll be able to follow
along properly.
so if you scroll down to development areas
3.2
and you'll see there's a list of different
installation packages.
And the first two of Windows, and the top
one
if you're on Windows is the one you'll
want to get.
That the one that doesn't include the
source code so it's a
smaller download and it's a binary file
which means it's an executable.
You can just run it and it will install
it.
And then the second one is the one which
you ignore.
Now if you go down again you'll see the
Mac OS X1s and the top
one is 32 and 64 bit and that is for 10.6
and 10.7, which is Snow Leopard and Lion.
I'm using lighting, so I'm going to have
to
be downloading the top bunk, however if
you're using
the, if you're using the, anything between
10.3 and
10.6, then you can get either of the two.
[INAUDIBLE] 10.6 can get you either of the
two, but
10.3 to 10.5 will have to get the bottom
one.
I would recommend if you're not on 2.6 or
2.7 to upgrade if you can
because it's going to make your life a lot
easier because 32 bit is obviously slower.
However, if you're processor doesn't allow
64 bit then it's up to you.
And then if you go down to the bottom two,
these are this
ones for Linux and Unix, and you can you
use these on Mac OSX.
However since this an installer, you may
as well just use the installer.
Using these two, if you are using Linux, I
assume that you know how to use the
command line or the terminal, and you will
have
you be using the terminal to actually
install these.
There will be packages for most Linux
versions.
So you should be okay if you need to
download a package.
It should be ready and you can use apt-get
up and install.
So you should be okay.
But I'm going to be downloading the 3.2.3.
And if we click on, OK and it'll start
downloading.
In the meantime, I'll be going over to
Eclipse.
Eclipse.org slash downloads, is the file,
is the webpage you want to be visiting.
And you'll see there's Eclipse classic.
Now this is the version of Eclipse that we
want, because Eclipse is primarily used
for Java development.
And so, you get a lot of variations which
are for different types of developers, and
so on.
But with Eclipse Classic, it's the most
basic
one and it's the best one, because we're
going
to be adding a add on, which will
allow us to use the Python interpreter
within Eclipse.
The reason why we're going to get Eclipse
is because it is a, it's a good IDA.
It's well supported.
And also, it's universal.
You can use it on any platform.
If we go back to the page you'll notice
that this
three on the drop down list is three
different operation systems.
Your one should be chosen by default
anyway,
but if it's not click on there and you'll
be able to go across to development one
and we'll get you downloading the 64 bit
version.
Okay and once we've got to that you'll see
a link in the middle, it'll be a mirror so
it won't care what country it says it
should be
a country that is fairly close to where
you are.
And that's all we need to do for that.
And for Python all you need to do is click
on Ent and run it.
It'll extract all of the information from
the DMG
file and then that's everything we need
from Python dock.
And we're going to go and go into our
applications.
And if we scroll down, you'll see that we
have Python
3.2, and from there, inside there, you'll
see just four files.
And this Python documentation and launcher
and update shell.
And, and a file called idle.
Now the idle application is one that we're
going to be using and wanting to keep.
So we're going to drag that down to the
dock,
just to make it easy to find in the
future.
And we can minimize that again.
And, once this is, this is finished
downloading the
173 megabyte, megabytes that there is,
we're going to
have to put that on the dock as well
because Eclipse doesn't actually install,
it's just a shortcut.
So, to make it easy to find again, if we
have it on
the dock, then you don't have to go
through all your downloads area again.
Okay, so now that the eclipse file has
finished downloading, what
we can do is we can just go and run this.
By over, well extract it, which will punch
it all inside a folder somewhere.
And once that folder's extracted, then
what we need to do
is, drag it down to the dock and we can
then run our last setup
on the Workspace.
[SOUND] Kay, so if you open up your finder
and you'll
find the Eclipse, in, icon looks like this
sort of moon.
And what we're going do is we're going to
drag that icon down to the dock
to make it easier to find again in the
future, we can close that window down.
And if we opened up Eclipse, you'll get
this little warning that it's downloaded
from the Internet.
Click on Open.
And you'll see here we get Eclipse Indigo.
Now Eclipse Indigo is just the version
name, so 3.7 is called Indigo.
Also it means that if yours is slightly
different, don't
worry about it, it just means you got a
later version.
So from that, click on OK.
And the first thing that we need to do
after its finished
loading up this Workspace, is go to Help
and Install New Software.
Now where it says Install New Software we
need to do, type in our web address
and this is gonna be pydev.org slash
updates, and click on Add and it will
start searching.
And it'll find the PYDev, and it'll find
another one called PYDev Mylyn.
Now the Mylyn one, you don't want do get
because you don't need it.
So, just download the PYDev normal one and
click on Next.
Then after this we'll be setting up the
rest of the Workspace.
You'll get a little popup which says do
you trust
these certificates, and that's where
Aptana, Pydev, and Pydev Aptana.
And all you have to do is just check,
click it and then click on OK.
And it will continue and once the install
is
finished it will ask you to Restart and
Eclipse.
Just click on OK or Restart Now.
And, it'll load it up all again.
And then from there what we're going to do
is we have to go into the preferences for
Eclipse.
For this Workspace Launcher you can click
on this
little checkbox here which will set it as
default.
And, we're gonna ask you when ever you
want
to launch again, so you won't see this
page again.
And, click on OK.
And, now we got this loaded up, and if we
go into
our preferences you'll see that we have a,
a type called PYDev.
If you click on there, click on the
extension in front of it.
You go down to Interpretive Python.
From that you can see, I've got mine
already set up, which is Py, Python 3.2.
However, to do this I'll just move it and
to create
a new one, you need to go to Browse >
Applications.
[SOUND] Actually, now, you'll need to go
into, into your devices, your hard drive.
Go to User and then scroll down and find
Local.
From lLcal, you need to go into BEN.
And then, from BEN, you'll need to go into
Python 3.2.
Make sure it's Python 3.2.
And there are other ones here, which have
like [UNKNOWN] and, and so on.
So make sure that you choose the correct
one, python 3.2.
If your version is later, it will be
python 3.3 for example.
But, make sure go with Python 3.2 and
click on Open.
And if you just rename the top to Python
3.2, and click on OK.
You'll find all these libraries.
Just click on OK.
And that is exactly how I had it set up a
second ago.
And then from there, you'll also want to
go into General.
Expand that.
Go down to Editors, and go into Text
Editors.
From there you'll see a check box, yours
won't be checked, and it's called show
line numbers.
You want to make sure that is checked.
It'll make it much easier for us to
compare codes
should you run into any problems later on
in the course.
And if you do run into any problems then
you can look
and see what your line looks like compared
to what mine looks like.
Because the compiler will give you errors
depending on
which line the errors are on, and so on.
But we will go into that in a bit more
detail later on.
So from that just click on OK and if we go
over to File.
You'll want to go into New and Quit, click
on Project.
Once you've gone to project you'll see a
drop down list which looks like this.
And at the bottom there will be a PYDev.
You'll want to click on expand it and
click on PYDev project.
If you click on Next, you'll see that you
get this little Create Project.
And I'm just gonna call this Python and
I've learned to program.
And from there, you can call this whatever
you want by the way.
It makes no difference what you call it.
And then where it says grammar version you
want to change
that to 3.0, and the interpreter change
from default to Python 3.2.
From that click on Next, and then click on
Finish.
And you'll see at the top right of the
page we have py, PyDev and
Java, you can right click on Java and
click on Close, I'll just remove that.
So you'd have that in the way.
What you'll want to do in the top
right-hand corner is click on this little
table sort of button, and click down on
other.
And then go to pipe, PYDev, and click on
OK.
What this'll do, is it, it'll set up
another of these PyDevs.
And it should give you a look which
has this package explorer on the left hand
side.
If not, then go to Window, and in your
show view you will be able to find Package
Explorer.
And if you click on that it'll open up as
well.
And that's all that you need open, if you
look on the left
hand side here you'll see that we have a
folder called Learn Python.
To create one of those you just go on New
and then click on Folder and then type in
Learn Python.
And that is all that you need to continue
with these videos.
So, thank you for watching and I will see
you soon.
[MUSIC]